Document Wrangler Generate Command (#5528)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/commands.md

Wrangler offers a number of commands to manage your Cloudflare Workers.

- [`init`](#init) - Create a skeleton Wrangler project, including the `wrangler.toml` file.

> - [`generate`](#generate) - Create a Wrangler project using existing Worker's template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`generate`](#generate) - Create a Wrangler project using an existing [Workers template](https://github.com/cloudflare/worker-template).
```

---

## generate

> Create a Wrangler project using existing Worker's template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a Wrangler project using an existing [Workers template](https://github.com/cloudflare/worker-template).
```

```sh
$ wrangler generate [name] [template]
```

{{<definitions>}}

- `name` {{<type>}}string{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}} {{<prop-meta>}}(default: name of working directory){{</prop-meta>}}
  - The name of the Workers project. This is both the directory name and `name` property in the generated `wrangler.toml` [configuration](/workers/wrangler/configuration/) file.
- `template` {{<type>}}string{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}optional{{</prop-meta>}} 

>   - The URL of a GitHub template, with a default [worker-template](https://github.com/cloudflare/worker-template"). Browse a list of available templates on [cloudflare/templates](https://github.com/cloudflare/templates) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The URL of a GitHub template, with a default [worker-template](https://github.com/cloudflare/worker-template). Browse a list of available templates on [cloudflare/templates](https://github.com/cloudflare/templates) repository.
```
